Active Perception: 
	Brain gets a lot of sensory inputs and processes them, has different ways of coding them, representations of what was perceived.
	There exists an integration of these sensory inputs to help us perceive the world - Very simplistic.
	But people perceive the world in different ways - everyone represents and interprets the stimuli in different ways
	All sensory input must be decoded and interpreted with what we know (we need more bg information). Sensory input is not enough. 
	We generalise and try finding patterns so that we don't keep processing every input as new - we can now further perform more computations on these data.
	Attention - Filters stimuli - we attend only to specific information that we select or prioritise
	1. Selective Attention
	2. Spatial Attention - "Where" is it happening
	3. Feature-based Attention - "What" in the space are we paying attention to, "What" are we looking for?
	4. Overt vs Covert Attention
		Overt: What we've chosen to attend to consciously - Active
		Covert: Not "actively" looking, yet we're aware of things happening - passive way of information coming in - Passive
	Is attention simply a filter?

Passive vs Active Perception:
	Passive = Sensory input -> Process -> Perceive (Perceive as it comes)
	Watching the clouds
	Active = Sensory input -> Compare with Intention -> Process -> Perceive (Top-down forcing to make your senses try to perceive what you're expecting) (goal directed)
	Looking for a key in the house, searching for a building, finding your friend in a crowd
	Listening to a class lecture is a mix of both 
	Goals determine what information becomes important/relevant.
	Action and perception act as feedbacks to the same system - catching a ball, playing a video game, making tea etc
	Reactions (from touching a hot stove etc) are not part of the active attention system, the reaction itself is from the peripheral nervous system, but the event is registered passively later after a small deltaT

Marr's Computational Theory:
	Perception as information processing
	Image -> Primal Sketch (in the primary cortex for the perception to happen for example) -> 2.5D sketch -> 3D representation
	Action is not central to the theory

Gibson's Ecological Approach:
	Organisms actively move through and explore their environments. Movement generates information.
	We perceive objects partly in terms of what actions they afford.
	Interlinking b/w perception and action.
	Our perception of our environment influences the possibilities and choice of actions
		- staircase might be easily climbable when we're well rested
		- when we're carrying a heavy backpack, normal distances feel much larger

Sensorimotor Theory of Perception:
	Perception depends partly on knowing how sensory inputs change when we act.
	Relations in the sensorimotor connections change the way we perceive our environment

Prediction:
	We expect to see certain patterns.
	Prediction -> Action -> New sensory input -> Prediction Error
	Predictions:
		- Hierarchical - sequence or hierarchy associated with how information is perceived and processed, very predictable hierarchy
		- Top down - Expectations
		- Bottom up (cannot function on its own, always needs top-down)
		- Rao & Ballard's visual cortex model
